The Jigler, 9/6/2024


A1CE Study Planner


1. Review the list of requirements in the project description document. Are any of them unclear? Are any of them infeasible? Try to rank them in terms of must have, nice to have, and blue sky.
Must have:
* Initialize roadmap from exported file
* Assign target start and completion dates to assessments
* Create task with competency, description, date/time, duration. Usually the tasks will involve working on assessment but they could also refer to lab assignments or other competency work.
* View plan/schedule (tasks and assessment target dates)
* Mark assessment/task as completed
* View progress
Nice to: 
* Popup task notification (background widget) to let you know when a task is scheduled or a target date is close. You may wish to provide some options to configure the notification, for instance, to specify how many days in advance of a target date you want to be reminded.
* Noice 👍UI design
* Competency categories (explore competencies
Blue sky:
* View statistics
* Competency recommendations system
* Count down timer to deadline to increase pressure on students


2. Discuss your requirements with your stakeholder (Dr. Sally) to see if she agrees with your revisions.
3. Create a use case diagram for your program. Follow the standards as discussed in class.










4. Create a use case narrative for ONE use case in your project.
Add a task
Main success scenario:
1. User views the main planner
2. User creates a new task
3. System ask to select task type
4. User choose task type
5. System ask for task name
6. User enter task name
7. System ask for task description
8. User enter task description
9. System ask for competency of the task
10. User chooses the competency of the task
11. System ask for start/end date
12. User inputs start/end date
13. System ask if user want to add the task
14. User confirm
15. Task successfully added




Extension (a):
13a. System ask if user want to add the task
14a. User cancel
Extension (b):
7. System discover that task name already exist
8. System display error message and ask to re-enter
9. Return to step 5 in main scenario
Extension (c):
1. User views the main planner
2. User clicks on task to view assessed skills.
Modify Task
1. Main success scenario:
2. User views existing tasks
3. System ask to select a task
4. User chooses a task
5. System ask if the user wants to modify task name
6. User modifies task name
7. System ask if the user wants to modify task description
8. User modifies task description
9. System ask if user wants to modify task date
10. User modifies task date
Extension (a):
5a. System ask if user wants to modify the name
6a. User refuse to modify the name
7a. System ask if the user wants to modify task description
8a. User refuse to modify the task description
9a. System ask if user wants to modify task date
10a. User refuse to modify the task date.
Extension (b):
6b. User inputs invalid name
8b. User inputs invalid task description
10b. User inputs invalid date


Create Road Map
1. System asks if user wants to import existing roadmap or create new road map
2. User picks import existing roadmap
3. System asks for the file the user wants to import
4. User selects the file in the device 
5. System displays the summary of the roadmap to the user as a planner
Extension (a):
5a. File has invalid format 
6a. Competencies in the files are invalid
Extension (b):
5b. File has invalid file type 
Extension (c):
5c. File does not exist